This time, thanks to my cousin
A simple fake
Not only count
Drawing the contradiction between the Su family and Li Hongyi
He also pulled Su Qinghui into the water
Let him relapse and be admitted to the hospital early
If he doesn't make it this time, he dies
I am the only heir to the Su family
Hey, I know Zhou Enmei and Su Mingzhe too well.
Su Qinghui is so forced
Is their heart
It's their weakness.
As long as Su Qinghui is dead
Li Hong will definitely not survive
Then I wish them two siblings an early death and an early life
Now Zhou En is fine and completely believes in your identity
But Su Mingzhe, that old fox
Terrible is not so easy to believe
Don't worry, cousin.
The paternity test is clearly written
Even if he suspected it, he couldn't find it serious
Unless he can find out that you agree
It's Su Qingnu
Wow, that's Su Mingzhe's car.
He is not in the hospital with Su Jinhui
A person is back now
Maybe it's for you
How is that possible?
Wrinkled Mei Hou Su Junhui is not there
No one can stop the gun for you
Whether or not he came for you
You must be careful
Never show mahjong, I know
We can't let him find out we're together
Well, I'll hide first
How is dad
Help me out
Dad, what are you doing?